Bumper-to-bumper traffic
tonight on the Tobin Bridge
as work crews continue
the bridge's face lift.
Expect alternating
traffic on the upper deck
while the lower deck is closed.
♪ Do you want to
Save your soul? ♪
♪ We won't resurrect
The crusade now ♪
♪ 'Cause it looks like
♪ We've been betrayed
♪ Will someone
♪ Come save us from
This story line ♪
♪ Of mass destruction?
♪ Will they stay
When they see
What we have done
just to be free? ♪
♪ Waiting we're waiting
♪ For a superhero intervention
What are you
doing all that for?
You gonna troll for
boyfriends or something?
You obviously don't know.
And who says it's a
boyfriend I'm hunting for?
Oh, don't even.
I didn't need all
that before I left.
Okay, there's a big
difference between 14 and 16.
I mean, I just got these boobs.
Jesus, Maddie, stop.
They do a lot more than makeup.
Maddie, please. Don't.
It's the truth.
Mr. Wisdom, take this one.
Prisoner, mind your step.
Step.
Easy, Doc.
Remove the hood.
Copy that.
You sure know how
to treat a lady.
Doc, if you're a lady,
I'm a kangaroo.
Shut up, both of you.
You don't talk to this
prisoner, Mr. Galotti.
She's just meat we're movin'
from A to goddamn B.
Yes sir, Mr. Stauffer.
Prisoner secure.
Alone at last?
Don't, Doc.
They catch me being nice to you,
they'll kick my ass.
Take your seat, Mr. Galotti.
Yes, sir, Mr. Wisdom.
Mr. Wisdom.
How'd you get a name like that
when you're such a dumbass?
Next time, it'll be your face,
Ms. Brown.
See how you testify
against patriots
spittin' your teeth out.
Ready to depart, Mr. Stauffer.
We're moving out! Over.
That them?
Yep, we got 40 minutes.
B team ready?
All right.
Here we are,
Devil's Car, at the
point of no return.
I am proud as fuck of
each and every one of you.
Stuck together by my side when
the world told you not to.
If that ain't love, what is?
Tell B team we are a go!
You got your
learner's on you?
Always. Passed my written
the first time.
How many times did it take you?
What are you doing?
We're gonna be late
for the movies.
Not if you drive.
Really?
I can drive your truck?
I don't know, can you?
Fuck, yeah.
Don't I always tell you
to go potty
before we hit the road,
Mr. Wisdom?
What'd you say to me?
Your leg.
It's pumping like you had
ten cups of coffee.
Shut up.
Oh, Galotti.
Seatbelt up.
Now, fix your mirrors.
Make sure no one's coming.
I know, I know.
Okay. Take it easy,
you got this.
Okay.
Foxtrot,
back on MC reporting.
ETA on target. Copy.
B team standing by.
Did Mom make you take me
so she could ask some guy over?
What?
Ew, no.
Just wanted to spend
a little time with you
after I got back.
she brought over a guy.
-  Oh, Maddie, please.
- I could hear everything.
Please, stop.
It's Madeleine, by the way.
- Seriously?
- Seriously.
Nobody's called me Maddie
in years.
Yeah. I really don't wanna
call you Madeleine.
But I will.
- Okay.
- Because I love you.
- See?
Douchebag! Come on.
He just sped past us.
Look at you.
You really are an adult.
But you're not gonna
find a boyfriend
with that language.
-  Right,
'cause you don't know like
20 versions
of that word or worse.
Probably closer to 50.
Exactly!
Come on, what are they?
Just keep your eyes
on the road, Maddie.
Madeleine.
- Madeleine. Yes.
-  Yes, yes. Okay.
So, here's what I know...
douche king,
douchemeister, double douche.
There's also douchewad.
-  That's a classic.
- Yeah. Mm-hmm.
- Okay. but these are all still
pretty much entry-level
douches.
Okay, and?
Expand your vocabulary.
So, you have douche wipe.
-  Mm-hmm.
-  You have doucher.
-  Yes.
-  Douche-knuckle.
As in knucklehead and douche.
The douchenator,
Dumble-douche.
Steve Douchemy.
It's weird.
But it does work.
-  Yes. That is weird.
But would it be
douche-cano like a volcano
or douche canoe like a boat?
Douche-cano,
for the fluid that explodes
out of them like a douche.
That's so gross.
Van 2 in position.
Breakout MC in position.
Van 1 in position.
What the--
are you kidding me?
Come on.
Whoa, whoa, leadfoot.
Easy.
Oh, come on. What--?
Hey, slow down.
A stand still
It's just a little roadwork.
We miss previews,
it's no big deal.
"Coming soon"
is the best part.
That's cheating, isn't it?
If we could, we would.
- Asshole!
-  Hey, hey!
You can't get by me
today, buddy.
I gotta get through here.
- We got some work going on.
- Get the fuck out of my way.
I don't need--
turn around right now.
You fucking state workers
are all the same.
You guys don't do shit.
Get the fuck out of my way.
- I don't get paid enough
for this shit. You better
shut up and back up, a'ight?
What gives, Mr. Stauffer?
This way into town
was supposed to be clear.
Typical bullshit,
Mr. Wisdom.
Yo. What's the dealio?
Don't worry, Doc.
You'll have plenty of time to
enjoy holding's menu selection
before court tomorrow.
Get the fuck out of my way, man.
Maddie...
Maddie, stop. Stop.
Sorry. I was looking down
the road to see what's what.
It's okay, but sometimes
it's better
to just keep your
eyes dead ahead.
Got it. Thanks.
- You're welcome.
- For not yelling.
Of course.
Madeleine.
- Mm-hmm.
- I was gonna say Mads.
Van 1, armed and ready.
Copy. This is it.
Greatest rebellion since 1776.
The Pentagon
used us to unleash hell
and then disowned us.
Denied us. Outlawed us.
Now we are the ricochet of rage
back to teach them
the cost of their denial.
Just
a little traffic.
Remember who we are.
We are the truth and all
who oppose us are the lie.
Van 2, armed and ready.
Take cover.
That's it, I'm getting--
what are you taking, a call now?
-
-  Here we go.
Hit it.
Maddie, get down!
We under siege?
Affirmative, Mr. Wisdom.
Remember, this bulletproof beast
is the most goddamn defensible
thing out here.
I'm getting too old
for this shit.
Nine-one-one,
what's your emergency?
Don't move!
These people know explosives.
They're very well organized.
You need to get
S.W.A.T. here right now
before people start jumping.
I'm sorry, sir,
I don't have the authority--
Get me someone who does.
I ain't sticking
around for this shit, man.
This is the whole--
I got your state
working now, boy.
Oh, shit.
Where you going, huh?
Get back in your cars.
Get back in your cars right now.
Get in your cars.
Eric, they're gonna kill us.
Get back
in that car, old man.
Mr. Galotti, weapon up.
Now!
They're scaring the shit
out of everyone out there.
Good thing
we're in here, right?
Yeah, but for how long?
Let's go,
let's go, let's go.
Let's go!
Get back into your cars!
This is not a drill.
Do not make me use this.
I will not hesitate.
In your cars.
Make my day.
Let's go.
-  Keep going, let's go.
Grandpa, back in
your fucking car.
Sierra...
lock it down.
Get in the fucking car!
You got nowhere to run!
What do we do?
Go back in the car!
Eric?
You, too.
Get back in the car.
This is not a fucking drill.
Get down! Don't fucking move!
Lock it down!
Get down! This is
not a fucking drill!
Eric?
Snap out of it!
Hands on the wheels!
Get back in the car. Now!
Where do you
think you're going?
Kilo, my man!
Why don't you fill us in.
We got a black SUV.
That's probably a cop.
And the prison van...
right where we want it.
Move.
Get back in the car.
Don't fucking move!
Shit.
Exit the truck,
you fucking pig!
We will
torch you fuckers!
No, no, no. No, don't!
Get out of there.
Come on, fucker!
-  Fuck.
-  Oh my-- What?
Burn, baby, burn.
You're next, motherfucker.
Holy shit!
Die, you fucking pig!
Come on, let's go.
Got the keys.
Galotti, extinguisher!
Yeah.
Here.
Wisdom...
Oh my God.
Eric.
We're okay, we're okay.
It's okay.
Attention!
You are now hostages.
Stay in your vehicle
until this is over.
Anyone standing outside by
the time I finish talking
will be shot.
Don't try to be a hero.
At 185 feet above water,
a jump will kill you.
At 2,000 feet per second,
so will our bullets.
Remain in your vehicles.
We will be by to
collect your phones.
Have them ready.
Stay in your car!
-  Kill the engine!
-  Hands on the wheel!
Let's tie these
fuckers down, come on!
All right!
Hostage situation
on the Tobin Bridge.
He's got a radio!
He's a fucking cop!
-  Get his ass out!
-  Open the door!
Get his ass out!
Open up
the fucking car!
Get him! Get him!
Get his ass out
the car right now!
Send all units now!
Get fucked, bitch!
Oh shit!
What the fuck?
Holy shit!
Hole in one.
Whoa!
See? Fuckin' head shot!
Told you these bulletproof
masks save your ass!
You saved my face,
not my ass.
Oh, your face, your ass,
same thing. Get him!
Hey! Open up the door!
Get out!
-  Calm down.
Get out to the back!
Open up the back door!
Get the fuck in!
Give me your hands!
Come on!
We have a code silver,
sending all units
to the Tobin Bridge
for a 99, 101
and 105,
hostage situation.
Active shooters on site.
Senior officer en route.
ETA ten minutes.
Get down!
Hands on the wheels.
-  No, no.
- Give me the fucking phone!
What do you want?
I ain't doing shit.
Do what we tell
you and you won't get hurt.
Off the cell phone!
Now!
-  Give me that!
Please don't hurt me.
I'll take that
fucking watch too, that's nice.
Hands where we can see 'em.
We're gonna take
your cell phones!
We're not playing around.
Hands on the wheels. Now!
You hippie ass Jesus freak.
Kiss your momma
with that finger?
Don't move!
What are
they doing with those?
Covering their asses.
Ladies, ladies, ladies.
Stop the shaking.
I just need to tie you up.
Show me your hands, Gramps.
Over here.
No hero shit.
Don't move, buddy.
Get your hands
on the wheel, Karen.
Get ready to
give them our phones.
- I'm gonna hide mine.
- No.
No way.
- Please.
- It's not a discussion.
Hands, hands, hands.
Show me your hands
or I'll cut them off.
Hey, is everything all right?
Ma, do me a favor. Sit down.
Eric, what's happening?
Show me
your fucking hands.
There's a, uh, situation.
What are you doing?
Roll it down.
- Uh--
she needs to turn on the truck
to roll down the window.
-  Eric!? Eric!?
-  This is not a drill.
Ma, listen to me.
Ma, I promise,
whatever you hear,
I'm gonna bring her home safe--
Hey!
Phones! NOW!
That's one.
Where's yours?
Oh, come on, sweetheart.
You're not gonna make
me take you outside
and pat you down, huh?
Where's the phone, sweetheart?
He's teaching me to drive.
Made me leave it at home.
Oh, that's nice.
Focus on the road, very mature,
very responsible, big bro.
I like that.
It's good. It's really good.
But you know what?
It would be a shame
to find out that you
were lying to me.
We got a little
here then, sweetheart.
There it is.
I just-- I just don't
want that to happen.
You know? I'd hate that.
You hear that, big bro?
Yes.
I made her leave it at home.
Okay.
Leave it at home. I get that.
Makes sense.
Hands.
You too, big bro.
Okay.
Catch you guys later.
There was nothing I could do.
He would have killed us.
Turn the fuck around!
-  Stay still.
-  All right, stay calm.
Don't let him go, asshole.
Turn around.
Lock it down, Yankee.
You want one in
the fucking head?
You know what?
I lied.
There's something I can do,
but it's gonna gross you out.
Eric?
What?
I dislocated it
on patrol.
Now I can pop it out
whenever I want.
It just hurts like hell.
What are you doing?
Stay right here.
Be quiet.
I promise I'll be back.
I know, this sucks, right?
Wrong night
for a date night, buddy.
Hey, you. Dude, how many times
do I have to fucking say it?
Roll it down.
Shit!
Hey, wait, wait,
wait, wait.
What the fuck?
Come on. Come on.
Fuckin'--
fuckin' contractor.
Shit.
What the fuck, man?
What the fuck?
Still got your phone?
- Yeah.
-  If anyone asks,
he threw it over the side.
They're strapping
hands to the wheels.
Fake it if you need to.
What are you even doing, man?
You're gonna get people killed.
Fuck off.
Okay, man?
Galotti,
Wisdom looks dead.
You got to get me out of here.
Galotti?
Your gun!
Look, if these pricks
are here for me...
They're absolutely
here for you.
I'm so sorry.
Fuck me.
It was you.
Doc, I like you.
From the minute
they brought you into isolation,
it really hurt knowing...
you weren't gonna live
to testify.
Yeah?
Whatever they paid you,
you'll never spend it.
You'll see.
I'm sorry.
Okay, gentlemen.
Delivered as promised.
Yeah, I got eyes, buddy.
What's up, Doc?
Mikey.
Come to break me out?
Nah, something like that.
Boss still needs closure,
you know.
Closure comes in all forms.
Less than six months,
Turns out they don't like it
when you go killin'
other inmates.
Right.
You.
Boss wants to see you,
but first,
I want that rifle.
Galotti, you give that up,
you're as good as dead.
Aw, come on, Doc.
Our friend here has got
nothing to fear from us.
He's not the one
who betrayed us.
What about her?
She ain't going anywhere.
Secure the rest of the hostages.
Doc, huh?
It's quite the operation
you guys got here.
Rest in peace, asshole.
Romeo!
Hey, man.
So, I uh-- do good or what?
Mr. Galotti,
you done real good.
There's one more thing
I could use from you.
Yeah?
Yeah, name it. Anything.
Good.
Dammit!
We can't leave
any toys laying around, Doc.
You might hurt yourself.
All units, check in and confirm
completion of phase two.
Echo and India, all set.
Sierra's good to go.
Did you just kill that guy?
Foxtrot
Yankee confirmed.
Golf in position.
If they come looking for him,
you have to act like
I was never here.
Keep your hands on the wheel
and pretend like
you're still cuffed.
But that guy knew.
Won't they?
They're not gonna
pay attention to you
unless you give them
a reason to.
What are you gonna do?
Tango, check in and confirm
completion of phase two.
Tango's all set.
All right, everyone,
stay alert.
I'm gonna find you
a way off this bridge.
Control the bridge.
Keep the peace.
What do we got?
We got a police chopper
on scene, another inbound.
Local news hounds are buzzing
the south side.
Copy that.
And on the ground?
Blockade on the north,
they're staying way back.
South side,
cops are 50 yards from the gap.
Tango. I don't like Tango
taking so long.
That kid's a liability.
I'm sorry, what gives you
the right to say so?
Oh.
That's my point exactly.
Look, man, all I'm saying is,
every minute we waste
gives the cops another
to pull something. All right?
They got choppers
all over us already.
I say it's about time
we back them off.
Hey, lock down
that parameter right now.
I need a general [indistinct].
Nine-one-one,
what's your emergency?
I blew two holes
in the Tobin Bridge
exactly 11 minutes ago.
You know this because you have
news choppers flying overhead.
Passing you through to
the senior officer on scene.
Stand by.
This is Police Inspector
Terry Grimes,
senior officer in charge.
Who am I talking to?
Hi, Terry.
Are you watching the news?
Yes, sir, I am.
Look, we wanna
resolve this situation
without any further
loss of life,
so I just need you to...
I have news choppers
flying far too close
to my bridge.
Yeah, I see that.
I'm gonna back them off.
Well, don't you worry.
I'm gonna do that for you
right now.
Please hold.
Here we go.
Golf. Cover me.
Copy.
Position set.
Mayday! Mayday!
Oh, boy.
Did you see that, Terry?
Listen, we are not
some bush-league jihadis.
We are an elite force,
ready for anything
you could ever throw at us.
Wait, wait, wait.
You got to give me--
No, no, Terry. I don't.
I want you cops out of my hair,
and I want the news
reporting from a distance.
All right? Matter of fact,
you tell everyone to get back,
because the next time,
we'll do more than
hit your bird.
You got me?
Give me a status report
on that chopper.
Look out.
You ready?
Let's go to work.
Good evening, America.
We are coming to you
live from the Tobin Bridge.
Your live news outlet of choice
will cut us any moment,
so find us again at w-w-w dot
Freedom Revolutions dot o-r-g,
where we will be live
at nine PM.
For now,
I offer you a taste
of what you can expect tonight
should anybody interfere.
This is Inspector Grimes.
Oh my--
Pentagon used the testimony
of a traitor,
Samantha "Doc" Brown,
a disgraced Army veteran
who falsely testified
that Retcon Squad One Three
massacred innocent civilians
without sanction.
India reporting.
All clear.
Meet Doc.
She lied to save herself
and discredit
the private soldiers
that fought bravely by
her side.
Blood of everyone
who dies tonight
will be on her hands.
[on stream] Terror
over here and terror there.
You're guilty.
Come on, Maddie.
The Pentagon will release
the Shattered Dove files
on the front page
of their website
by 2100 hours Eastern.
They will release the Retcon
soldiers held in an unnamed
black site that they claim
does not exist.
My comrades are heroes,
not war criminals.
Come on, come on.
[on camera] Once
I receive verbal confirmation
that they are free,
we will withdraw.
There will be no more
phone calls, no negotiations.
You fail to meet our demand,
put snipers on us,
call in a SWAT team,
you'll be fishing bodies
out of the river for weeks.
Do not test us.
Nine PM.
Hello?
Hey, you little shit.
Eric.
Do me a favor.
You're lit up like
a beacon over there.
Put your phone on speaker
and turn it face down
in your lap.
Where are you?
I'm not far.
I can see you.
They killed a guy on camera.
You saw that?
It's trending.
The whole thing is trending.
They're on the prison bus now.
Come on.
Come on, come on.
Is that you, Terry?
Hey, look, you made
your point, okay?
Oh, I've just started
making my point.
Look, this Doc Brown is who
your grudge is with, right?
So, what do you say
you let everyone go
and you hang onto her
until we're able to work
this thing out?
Trading the life of one
for the lives of many.
That is very "Wrath of Khan,"
Terry,
except I don't think
Doc will see it that way,
and quite frankly,
I don't either.
The clock is ticking.
Hustle up.
We're over ten mil
and climbing.
Let me see that.
Come a quarter way up.
Give me everything you've got
on a Samantha "Doc" Brown.
Is there anything about
a high-profile prisoner?
Someone rich?
Someone famous?
There was a woman
they called a traitor?
Traitor?
Okay. Don't hang up.
I'll be right back.
Hey, kid.
Band are comin'.
Eric?
You're a Marine, kid?
Army Ranger. Was.
You fought?
Back in the Stone Age.
'Nam.
I count five, maybe two or
three more in the op-center.
Sniper on its roof,
but he's got cops
to worry about.
This'll get me past him.
Copy that.
Thank you, sir.
Joe Kozak.
Not "sir."
Once a grunt--
Always a grunt.
You're clear
behind that black van.
Breaking news.
Terror on the Tobin continues.
Captain James Roken and members
of his Retcon 13 squad
recently escaped detention
after facing charges
for war crimes.
The resulting manhunt
ended abruptly tonight
when Roken seized
the Tobin Bridge by force,
taking over 70 hostages
above the Mystic River
with no way for the police
to rescue them.
City and federal officials
are meeting Homeland Security
to assess the situation,
but the terrorists' superior
firepower means it's unlikely
police can make any assault
while Roken holds the bridge.
This thing
is hot and heavy.
Just like your mom, Tango.
You wanna tango?
Let's dance!
Who the fuck are you?
I'm just a guy
wondering why
these homegrown
terrorist assholes
think something on this bridge
is worth dragging
all this aggro for.
Go back to your car, kid,
before you wind up dead.
First off...
you don't know me.
So try not to meet
the wrong version.
Second...
I didn't get this by playing
fucking rock, paper, scissors.
Good for you.
But that guy was a lightweight
compared to the rest
of these snake eaters.
Special Forces, yeah?
Dead guy had a Retcon tattoo.
Yeah. Private
military contractors.
Loudspeaker? Big voice?
That's none other
than Jimmy Roken.
Jimmy Roken, huh?
Captain Chaos.
Youngest non-com to be
made Captain since Vietnam.
Killer extraordinaire.
You're looking at the one
who blew the whistle.
No shit.
Is that right?
After he went private,
no one kept track of
just how many
civilians he mowed down
until I came along
to stop that evil shit,
and yet they're out there
and I'm in here.
Who said the world's fair?
Why are you in here?
Testified 0900.
In shackles? Uh-uh.
Let's just say
my plea deal didn't
save me from crimes
more recently committed
while in detention.
What about this Shattered Dove?
What're you doing here, again?
My little sister's
on this bridge.
And?
And I'm thinking I've been
pretty lucky so far,
but they're gonna
come hunt me down
once they find out
these two guys are dead.
So, if you're what they want,
how about we cooperate
with each other,
and you help me get my little
sister off of this bridge
and away from this
fucking shit show?
Okay.
You have my attention.
Good.
Any of these guys have keys?
To the shackles.
Not the cage.
Then we're
gonna have to improvise.
What the fuck?
Somebody check that out.
Copy. India engaging.
Eric, what have you done?
Romeo, someone shot
the prison guard on the horn.
Come on.
That's it.
Smile, you son of a bitch.
Fuck!
What the fuck?
Taking fire!
Sierra's hit!
Everybody go.
Golf here,
on the move.
Shit. Goddammit!
Motherfuckers!
Fucking got Yankee.
We're with Doc.
Yankee KIA.
Did she kill Yankee?
She's caged and shackled.
I took the keys from the driver.
Had them the whole time.
Doc saw who did it.
Amy, is that you?
India, give me the distance,
direction and description
of the shooter.
Are you fucking kidding me?
We've been a little busy
getting shot at.
[over comms] Romeo,
sweeping south. Zip so far.
Shut up.
No sign of the shooter.
Too many places
to hide out here.
And the cops?
They're staying back for now.
If any cop moves
across the gap, waste them.
On it.
Everybody else regroup.
TAC team
is looking for entry points.
Shooter's gone.
You okay?
Hey, hey, hang on.
- Hey, I can walk. I can walk.
- Hang on, I got you.
Christ, what a clusterfuck.
Romeo, this is India.
Permission to extract
intel from Doc.
Negative.
Doc is the star of our show.
Watch her, but do not touch her.
Son of a bitch.
Come on. You've had worse.
We have to flush
this fucker out.
Yankee, how'd he die?
Close contact.
Gun under the vest.
Tango still hasn't checked in.
Captain, he smoked Tango.
This guy kills one of us,
maybe he gets lucky.
Kills two of us? No chance.
Okay, he knows what he's doing.
He's listening.
Watch your chatter.
Echo, Foxtrot, find him.
Golf has overwatch.
We hit fast and we hit hard.
Sir, yes, sir.
Who's that?
Maddie?
Maddie!?
I'm here!
Thank God.
Maddie, you need to answer me
when I call out to you.
The call died.
I thought...
you were...
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
I got you, okay?
This is to the worm who thinks
he can undermine our mission.
That's not you, right?
[over comms] Hide.
'cause when we find you,
we're gonna string
you up along with
everybody that you care about.
We're coming for you.
We have to go.
I know a place that's safe.
Come on, follow me.
Shut the door quietly.
No stone unturned.
No trunk unchecked.
This guy's military-- SWAT,
ATF.
Not some wannabe dickhead.
He's got one of our radios,
one of our rifles.
Most importantly...
he's got somebody
that he cares about.
Where are you,
you prick?
Maddie, back. Back, back.
Try to get in one of the cars.
Come on, Rambo.
Can we get in?
You son of a bitch.
India, what's your sitrep?
[over comms] Doc and
I are gettin' nice and cozy.
Right.
Who killed Yankee?
And where did he go?
I know it's you, Wade.
How's your night going?
Not so good? Awwww.
Romeo's gonna frag your ass
in front of the entire planet
for the sins
you committed against us.
Romeo is a punk.
But you're just
his punk-ass bitch.
God damn it!
Who killed him?
And where did he go?
Wade,
you candy-ass shit monkey,
even if I told you,
he would gut you
like your pal
Yankee-doodle dickhead!
That's it!
I'm gonna do worse things
than kill you, Doc.
Get the fuck out of here!
I'm gonna have fun doing this!
Ask him yourself!
Doc...
please!
Please! I wasn't gonna--
I'll take that, thank you.
- Can we get in, please?
-  No, no. I can't do that.
They won't let us in, Eric.
Try another one.
- Can you please--
-  I'm sorry. I can't.
Get behind the red one.
-  Help, please, man.
-  Let her in.
She's not gonna be any trouble.
God damn it.
Yo, Romeo, India's KIA.
Doc is free. Repeat,
Doc is loose.
She's got nowhere to go.
Find her.
- I don't care about me.
-  Don't open the door.
Just hurry.
Open the door, chickenshit!
Eric! We'll find someone else.
-  No way, man.
-  We can't.
Open the door, pussy.
Don't make me open it.
-  Hey!
Down!
Come on, come on.
Drop the fucking gun, hero,
and come out with your hands up!
God damn it.
Stay here.
Fucking son of a bitch!
White male, six foot.
There's a girl with him.
Teens, five foot--
Shit.
Freeze, fucker.
Romeo, I've got eyes on Doc.
I'm going after her.
We need her alive.
Just-- take her.
Is that...
It's him.
It's the shooter.
Seeking face ID.
Whoa!
Fucker!
Fucking blind now.
It's fine.
You have another drone.
Just quit your
bitchin' and get it up.
Jesus Christ.
Eric, we can't stay here.
I know. I know.
Ever hear of Evel Knievel?
Who?
How much do you trust me?
- Not that much.
- Okay. Come on.
- No way.
- Oh, yes, yes, yes way.
Eric!
Get that light off my face!
Dude, where's the shooter?
Huh? Hm?
You lost him?
- Shut the fuck up.
This prick is really
pissing me off.
You! Where'd he go?
Oh God.
Doc!
Come on.
All right, let's kick
the tires and light the fires.
Doc just murked Golf.
Echo, Foxtrot.
Get me Doc.
I need you to
get your ass out there.
Those two clowns couldn't find
their asses with both hands.
Fucking tell me about it.
Come on. There you go.
Now go do what they can't.
-  Got it.
Hey, yo, Doc!
Stay right there!
God damn it!
I got you now!
You're mine!
This is gonna be loud.
Don't let go.
- Okay. Go!
I got eyes on the shooter!
-  Fucking shit!
-  They're shooting!
Come on!
He's gonna jump the gap!
Do not let that happen!
On it!
Fuck!
Hold on.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Ah!
God damn it!
I can't hit him!
Stop that fucking bike!
We're not going to make it.
[over comms] I don't
have a clear shot anymore!
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What are you doing?!
Killing anybody
who fucks with us.
Oh shit. Oh, shit.
Oh, shit. Oh, shit!
Eric! Eric!
-  Oh, shit! Shit, shit!
[gasps] Holy hell.
Jimmy, what the fuck
did you just do?
Nobody
leaves until I say so.
Shooter is down.
This is fucked, man.
We need evac like
right fucking now.
There's no extraction
if we don't find Doc.
Search this end.
Tell Sierra to sweep south.
What about you?
I gotta talk to Romeo.
You okay?
From now on, I drive.
Deal.
This whole damn bridge
may be wired to blow.
Any type of frontal assault
is just gonna add cops
to the death toll.
I got 50 to 100
innocent lives up there.
I'm begging you.
You gotta release
these Shattered Dove files
and their comrades,
because if you don't,
the only thing I'm
gonna need from you
is a net to drag their damn
bodies out of the river.
I feel like I'm gonna puke.
Well, you're alive.
Better yet, they
think that you aren't.
So, you know, we have
all the time in the world
to get you out of here.
How?
That tow truck
had a winch on it.
May be enough to get us down.
Okay, man.
Coast is clear.
Let's go.
- What is that?
Come on.
We need to get you
out of here right now.
What about
everybody else?
I only care
about you, okay?
Everybody else is
going to die.
There's nothing
I can do about that,
but I can save you.
No, you save everyone.
Not anymore.
That's not what I do.
Please, just-- let's go.
Eric, you are the fucking hero.
I'm not the fucking hero.
I'm not.
I'm not a Ranger anymore.
I'm-- I'm not even Army.
- What?
- They discharged me.
Three weeks before
they pulled us out.
Some tribal warlord we
were protecting was...
Was what?
Some tribal warlord...
was going after this young girl,
no older than you.
She...
she was forced to marry
this old fuck,
and she begged us...
she begged me to save her.
My L.T. said to let it go.
That it was none of our concern.
But I ignored the order.
And I went to reach out, grab
her hand, lead her away,
and the warlord...
shot her in the head.
Right in front of me.
I still feel the blood
on my face.
Maddie, I can't let that be you.
Please.
I can't let you die like that...
And you won't.
But if you save me
and everybody up there dies,
then it's gonna haunt you
worse than that girl, Eric.
I know you.
Do you?
Yeah.
I do.
Well, let's go.
- Okay.
- I got you.
Don't look down.
I won't.
[report continues
Two people attempted
to escape my breach.
They are dead now.
It did not have to be this way.
Do not test us.
Listen, if you choose
war with us,
it will end as all wars do.
In tragedy.
How many viewers
are in the queue?
Over 32 mil.
And what about the cops?
They're staying back.
For now.
They're scared shitless.
Captain, there's still
no Shattered Dove files
or release of
our brothers in arms.
There's no way
they're gonna expose
what they paid us
to do, Captain.
We need extraction.
Then you will find Doc.
Yes, sir.
...death toll,
killing not only
their tactical officers
but innocent hostages
trapped on the Tobin bridge.
Foxtrot.
You got anything?
- Nada.
Doc's a crafty little bitch.
Yeah, well,
crafty bitch or not,
we still gotta find her.
Especially if we're gonna
get off this damn bridge.
Now what are we
going to do with you?
I'll take her.
Pretend she's with me.
Eric, come on. Let's go.
Maddie, get in the back.
Thank you.
My name's Ozzie.
Eric.
How old's your kid?
He just turned two today.
I was trying to get
back to his party.
Maddie's 16.
Madeleine.
You really think
you can stop him?
I know he can.
Well...
apparently that's
what I'm here for.
Call Ma, tell her you're okay.
If Ozzie tells you
to do anything,
listen. Understand?
Take it.
In case you need to call.
Pass code's
1-2-3-4-5-6.
Mine's 6-5-4-3-2-1.
- It's okay?
- I'm good. Go.
Keep her safe.
Please.
Guess you're not dead.
Going somewhere?
Stop! Move up! Move up!
Go, go, go! Move! Move!
Doc's behind the red car!
We're taking fire! Taking fire!
Move up! Move up! Move up!
Positioning, damn it!
Move it! Move!
Echo, go, go!
Hey, I said I want Doc alive!
Then get out here
and do it yourself, Jimmy!
Oh. Where you going?
I'm gonna do it myself.
Keep the distance!
Foxtrot, on your left!
On your left!
Go, go, go! Move!
Move it!
Hey, Timex.
You take a lickin'
and keep on tickin'.
Good on you, kid.
-  Thank you, sir.
They wired the whole
underside of the bridge.
Oh, man.
You got sapper skills?
Some. Enough, I hope.
All right.
I got wire cutters.
Tools.
How about the winch?
Winch only works
if the ignition's powered,
but fuckers took my keys.
But, uh...
once a Boy Scout...
Hoowah!
Move! Let's go!
Come on, chickenshit!
I'll back you up!
You really need to
stop making me look bad, Doc.
Roken's threats against inmate
Samantha "Doc" Brown
appear to be at the center
of this crisis.
Brown recently
surrendered to authorities
to give evidence
against Roken and his--
Fuck.
I'd hoped I was done with these.
You will be
free of them soon enough.
Is that supposed to scare me?
Captain Chaos?
What the fuck, Jimmy?
You drunk?
No. No. Just--
fallin' apart,
much like this bridge
over troubled waters.
This isn't some kind of
fucked-up frat boy
revenge hit, is it?
Why don't you
confess your sins
and die with a clear conscience?
I don't get the whole
hostage terrorism thing.
Luckily nobody's paying you
to get shit, Doc.
Right, right, right.
So, what's the deal?
You doing this to try
and prove a point?
Well, I call it bullshit.
This isn't about
releasing some documents
or freeing some fuckwits
you could give two shits about.
This is some
kind of magic show.
There's nothing
up my sleeves, Doc.
I want the masters
who unleashed us
to pay for their sins.
Do right by us dogs
who bite on their behalf.
Oh, please!
Save the performance
for the cameras.
Just us girls here.
Spill, tough guy.
What gives?
The world needs to know
that the men behind the curtains
are scared little shits
who use and lose us.
See, we're not human
anymore, just the ultimate
"fire and forget" weapons.
We're over 47 million.
Dollars?
Viewers.
Plan is to make you famous
before you die, Doc.
Well, at least I
get to die with my honor
and not as some
murdering asshole.
You know what I think?
I don't think you know
the first thing about...
honor.
Afinitor?
Cancer drugs.
What the fuck, Jimmy?
Oh, son.
Gift from the burn pits
and chemical deterrents;
a brain tumor
the size of a golf ball.
I've not got a whole
lot of time left,
but hey...
What are you gonna do?
Christ, Jimmy.
No wonder you're doing
something so batshit crazy.
You're off your goddamn nut...
I am more lucid
than I have ever been.
If you want to
do right by the people
on this bridge, then
you will do your part.
If you fail to do that,
their deaths,
that's on you.
Oh, shit.
What the fuck?
Ah, shit.
Romeo,
there's a line over the side.
Copy, Foxtrot.
Catch and kill. No one leaves.
How the hell
did we miss this?
-  Hey, guys.
-  Hey! Hey!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa.
You guys had a tough time
tonight, huh?
How you free, old timer?
Oh, well, you don't
get to be my age
without learning a trick or two.
Yeah, I bet.
Who's over the side?
Oh, what?
You mean this thing?
Oh, well.
Would you believe it?
I got hungry.
I-- I thought
I'd fish for my dinner.
No, I fucking wouldn't.
- Well--
-  Watch him.
You see the hook
on the end of this thing?
It's huge.
- Stop, old man. Shut up.
Shit.
I got veteran plates here.
That guy who made a break
for it earlier.
That dude's at the bottom
of the river, man.
Yeah, or not.
This prick is one of us.
Where'd he go? Huh?
What, the fish?
How should I know?
He had a girl
with him, right?
- Yeah. There was.
- No, no, no, no, no, guys.
I mean, listen,
listen. Let me explain.
Shit.
Damn!
Shit!
- All right. Come on.
- Fucking fuck.
Ooh, eloquent dipshit,
ain't ya?
- Yeah. All right.
-  Come on.
Eloquent, my ass.
You're leaking now, old man.
Yeah.
Oh, shit.
I hope he gets you next.
We'll see.
Take this shit.
Who's gonna get me?
Aaah!
Foxtrot?!
- You good?
- This old motherfucker
stabbed me in my ass.
Camp the line.
He's gotta come up
sooner or later.
If he's alive, so is that girl.
I'm gonna find her.
- Old bastard.
Madeleine, call your brother.
Quick, cover the cut up.
Maddie?
- Hi.
-  Howdy.
Tango must have missed
zip-tieing you two.
It's no wonder he's dead.
Uh-- yeah,
I-- I don't know.
Mm-hmm.
Who we got here?
What's her story?
She adopted?
I'm the babysitter.
Oh.
Babysitter.
Nice.
No, she takes care of my son.
[over phone] Right.
And what's
his son's name?
Eh?
- His name's--
- I was asking her.
You were saying?
Jake, you know?
Little-- little guy?
Jake Little Guy.
Hmm.
Get that babysitting? Huh?
Out of the car.
Come on.
-  Wait.
- Get out. Let's go.
- Eric! Eric!
- No, no.
-  You're coming with me.
-  Wait. Let me go!
-  Shut up.
-  [over phone] Eric!
-  Come on.
Let's go, babysitter.
-  Eric!
-  Come on.
Stop struggling. Let's go.
-  Eric! Be the hero!
and move!
Don't, asshole.
Let's go.
Guess who's still alive.
Un-fucking-real.
Start talking.
Who are you?
Who are you with?
Ow!
Eric!
Speak up.
Mean it, sweetheart.
Eric!
Does that voice
sound familiar, Eric?
I am speaking
with Corporal Eric Daniels.
U.S. Army Ranger.
True American hero.
I need to know you are
done giving me shit,
and I need to know it by 21:00,
Eastern Standard Time.
By my calculations,
that gives us about two
minutes and 40 seconds
before I shoot
your little sister in the head.
How fast can you get here?
Shoulda stayed at home.
Don't worry.
He won't let anything
happen to you.
One hundred seconds, Corporal!
Sixty seconds, Eric!
It's me! It's me!
I couldn't stop him.
You beg him to save you.
Eric...
You break their bones,
make them bleed.
Kill the motherfuckers!
- Very feisty girl, Eric!
Must run in the family.
It's unfortunate
because she's only got
about 17 more seconds to live.
I need a diversion.
Use this, then run.
Ten seconds!
Cut the fuckin' shit, Jimmy!
Six seconds.
Captain.
Move! Stay the fuck back!
Eric!
I'm fucking sick of this!
Wait, wait.
Wait.
Wait. Wait.
Let's go say hi.
I'm here.
Wait.
I'm here. Don't hurt her.
I'm here.
Eric.
Hi.
It's online. All of it.
We did it. They're scared
shitless of us.
Yeah.
Comfy? No?
Eric?
You okay?
You ready?
Say the word.
You will read every
word verbatim.
Mistakes will hurt.
I'm not reading this.
The mistakes will hurt her.
I'll fucking end you.
I'll do it.
I'll do it!
Great.
"My name
is Samantha Marie Brown,
"former Staff Sergeant
of the United States Army
"and contractor with
Retcon One Three.
Tonight--"
Verbatim.
"Tonight, I'm going to die.
"Standing beside me are
"my former comrades in arms,
Sergeant Michael J.P. Moron..."
What's my name?
I'm sorry. Marin.
"Four tours in Afghanistan,
"multiple confirmed kills,
"and a Silver Star.
"Specialist Jeff Willis.
"Visited the recruiter
nine days after his brother
"had died in combat.
"Completed his service and
joined Retcon One Three
"to continue to fight for
American freedom abroad.
"They're honorable
war-tested heroes,
"along with their
commanding officer,
"Captain James Roken,
"the leader of Retcon One Three.
"Smeared by the media
"and wrongfully
accused of war crimes,
"they are set to be
tried for killing
"sanctioned by the
Shattered Dove Initiative,
"which gives explicit tolerance
"for civilian
deaths in pursuit of
"high-value targets.
"These brave soldiers
will receive upwards of
20 years each, unlike
myself, who..."
Read!
"Unlike myself,
who took a plea deal
"after deserting and
accusing them of war crimes.
Tonight, they'll set
the record straight."
Go on. Show the world
what a saint you are.
Corporal
Eric Matthew Daniels.
Hey!
No, it's fine.
He knows what happens
if he says the wrong thing.
Go on.
The world's watching, Eric.
Make it good.
My name is
Corporal Eric Matthew Daniels,
U.S. Army.
I did two tours.
I even earned a medal.
I was demoted
for dismissing bad orders
that would have prevented me
from saving civilian lives.
I know all about PTSD. Uh--
I, too, escaped a bad situation
where plenty of others didn't.
You know, the, uh,
right way isn't always obvious.
Sometimes it seems like
there isn't even a point.
The hell are
you even babbling about?
Just say your piece, man.
I was pistol whipped.
My head's really fuzzy.
I'm exhausted. And...
I don't know if these
guys are guilty.
Maybe they are.
Maybe they aren't.
But I know this--
for all this country
gets wrong...
it gets a lot right.
And I'm willing
to fight for that.
Shut his
ass up, already.
- I've had enough.
-  Wait, wait, wait.
Wait.
Just one more thing.
Ma...
if you're watching this...
We got explosions.
North side.
Check it out.
We're at less than half.
It's the perfect time
to attack us.
What the hell was that?
SWAT or ATF or some shit--
Listen to me, Daniels.
If this has anything
to do with you,
I swear you and your
sister are done.
You got me?
You under--
Maddie, go.
Come on, kid. Let's go.
Eric!
Come on.
Okay. Get down.
Okay. Come on. Let's go.
Let's move.
Eric, I will tell you what.
You have made your point.
If you come closer,
I'll make another.
Echo.
Easy there, Army Puke.
Yo Doc, you bitch!
Oh, my God.
Are you shot?
Yeah.
This is just in.
Our news team on the bridge
to survey the current--
- Widen it out.
terror situation on the Tobin.
This drone is armed with
a small-caliber weapon.
Looks like most of
the terrorists are gone.
I don't know who the hell's
taking them out,
but looks like we might have
caught the break we need.
You sure the sniper mode
on this thing works?
Give me a sec.
Ozzie!
You saved us.
You forgot this.
Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
The cops won't
wait, you're done.
Not until I finish
what I started.
With a shot-to-shit camera?
With a goddamn phone,
if I have to!
See, Doc dies on camera.
No compromises.
You're fucked in the head.
You are more
right than you know.
I am righteously
fucked in my head.
See, there is a burning
in my brain
that won't stop
until I stop breathing.
All of this...
everything...
that is my last will
and testament, my legacy,
so that everyone in this country
knows what happened here tonight
was not done by
some foreign entity
but by patriots who just
couldn't take it anymore.
Dude, I don't care.
Please stop talking.
You're giving me a headache.
If you got no more guys
to follow your stupid orders...
stop.
I got you, Eric.
Don't I?
Either you get me Doc,
or I let go of this.
Dead man's trigger, Eric.
I let this go, we all die.
- Did you?
- It's over.
It's over, man.
Contingencies, man.
And I got plenty.
You think I can't kill
everybody on this bridge,
you are dead wrong.
I know how to make C4
look like fireworks.
This is over
when I say it's over.
Now bring me Doc.
Eric?
Maddie. Thank God.
Are you okay?
I just got to check.
You got me?
Wait.
Did you disarm all the bombs?
Yes, I-- on the bridge, but--
But he's got a contingency.
Enough to blow us all to hell.
He want me?
Yeah.
Eric, you can't. She--
Maddie, there's
nothing that we can do.
All these people...
they're gonna die
if we don't do something.
Why were you in that cage?
You wanna know
if I'm worth saving?
Because I killed a couple of
gangbangers in lockup,
protecting a girl
who couldn't protect herself.
And I'd do it again.
I know that feeling.
So, what now?
One for extraction.
I'll meet you downriver.
[over comms] Copy.
Extraction team incoming.
You want what?
Files exposed, four numbnuts
that got caught freed?
Hire a hacker, get a lawyer.
You're not a zealot.
You're not.
This is the plan
of someone sick.
Sick in the head.
I need them
to listen to me, Doc.
I'm trying.
Well, you got their attention.
You've won!
- No, no, see--
maybe I have their attention,
but I have not won.
Not yet.
Disarm the dead man's trigger.
Let these people live!
No, you need to die, Doc.
Everyone here needs to die.
That is the only way that the
men in charge will do something!
Then why are
you still running?
You won't live long enough
to fight another day!
You said it yourself!
Do it!
Shoot me!
Then all of us go!
Okay, okay, please.
Don't do it. Please. Please.
There's another way.
Oh, you should have
thought of that
before you tried to sucker me.
Back up!
You stay back!
Back off!
That's a dead man's switch
in his hand.
Get that thing out of there now.
Get it out of there.
Everybody off the bridge!
Stay back!
Wait, wait, wait.
No, Eric!
You need to wait!
See, you need to die!
From the ashes...
I will surrender myself
to a world...
screaming for my blood.
Then...
they will learn with
my dying breath.
They will know my truth.
See ya.
Jimmy!
Extraction team in position.
Come on.
Turn, you double shit.
Come on!
You are hard to kill.
So are you, kid.
It's been three weeks
since the hostage-taking
on the Tobin Bridge.
Four members of
the Retcon 13 have been freed
in light of the Pentagon's
exposed Shattered Dove files.
Congressional hearings
are scheduled to expose
any further misuse of
military contractors.
Oh.
How you doing, darlin'?
Alive, thanks to you.
Oh, you can
thank your brother.
He's the inspiration.
I would've taken my chances
and jumped off that bridge.
Freed for valor
and heroism under fire.
Nice.
Well, that and four bucks
will buy you a cup of coffee.
But you'd do it again, right?
Of course.
So, what's it gonna be?
Bridge or tunnel?
Tunnel!
"
by TOQUE playing]
♪ Yeah you beat me up
Then you put me down ♪
♪ Then you locked me in
You threw me out ♪
♪ Then I got my feet
Back on the ground ♪
♪ Now we're back in the ring
For another round ♪
♪ Oh it's tragic 'cause I try
Yeah I try ♪
♪ Gonna take
Some kind of magic ****
♪ To make this all worthwhile
♪ No it's not enough
♪ It's never enough for you
♪ Well I did my best
Just to take your worst ♪
♪ All the blood I gave
Couldn't quench your thirst ♪
♪ Look me in the eye
Stab me in my back ♪
♪ Well where I come from
There's a name for that ♪
♪ Oh it would be magic
If you tried yeah you tried ♪
♪ But you know it's tragic
'Cause you're never satisfied ♪
♪ No it's not enough
♪ It's never enough for you
♪ It's never enough
For you oh ****
♪ You think you won
But I'm nobody's fool ♪
♪ Won't be taken down
By the likes of you ♪
♪ My fault
But I'll make my stand ♪
♪ This time
I won't be back again ♪
♪ No it's not enough
♪ It's never enough for you
♪ It's never enough
♪ Never enough for you